<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-US">
  <head>
    <title>The Kitchen Encyclopedia</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>THE KITCHEN ENCYCLOPEDIA</h1>

    <p><i>You will find many helpful
    suggestions in this book; all
    of them are tried and practical.</i></p>

    <p><small>Twelfth Edition Swift &amp; Company, U. S. A. Copyright, 1911, by Swift &amp; Company</small></p>

    <p><i>Keep this book in your kitchen for ready reference</i></p>

    <h2 class="section-title">Recipes</h2>
      <p>You can make exactly as good cakes, pies, cookies, and candies by substituting for the butter named in your recipes 3/4 the
      quantity of Swift's Premium Oleomargarine. On this and the
      following pages are a few recipes in which this substitution has
      been made. Try them. You will find them good and more economical
      than when made with butter.</p>

      <p>You may have some favorite recipes that are too expensive on account
      of the large amount of butter required. You can reduce their cost
      by using Swift's Premium Oleomargarine.</p>


      <h3 class="dessert">Loaf Fig Cake</h3>

        <h4>Light Part</h4>

        <ul>
          <li>1/2 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
          <li>1/2 cupful sweet milk</li>
          <li>1-1/2 teaspoonfuls baking-powder</li>
          <li>1 cupful sugar</li>
          <li>1-1/2 cupfuls flour</li>
          <li>1 teaspoonful vanilla</li>
          <li>Whites of 4 eggs</li>
        </ul>

        <ol>
          <li>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar.</li>
          <li>Add the milk, with which the
              vanilla has been mixed.</li>
          <li>Sift the baking-powder with the flour and
              add gradually.</li>
          <li>Add the whites, well beaten, last.</li>
        </ol>

        <h4>Dark Part</h4>
          <ul>
            <li>1/2 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
            <li>3/4 cupful milk</li>
            <li>1-1/2 teaspoonfuls baking-powder</li>
            <li>Yolks of 4 eggs</li>
            <li>1/2 pound of raisins</li>
            <li>1-1/2 cupfuls sugar</li>
            <li>3 cupfuls flour</li>
            <li>1 dessertspoonful each of
                <ul>
                  <li>cinnamon,</li>
                  <li>cloves,</li>
                  <li>allspice, and</li>
                  <li>nutmeg</li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            <li>1 pound of figs</li>
          </ul>

          <ol>
            <li>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar.</li>
            <li>Add the egg-yolks, well beaten,
              then the milk.</li>
            <li>Sift the baking-powder and spices with the flour
              and add gradually.</li>
            <li>The raisins should be seeded and dredged with
              flour, and the figs should be cut in small pieces and dredged
              with flour and added to the batter the last thing.</li>
            <li>Put in the pan and alternate layers of each part and bake in a loaf.</li>
          </ol>

        <h3 class="dessert">Sugar Cookies</h3>

          <ul>
            <li>1 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
            <li>1 cupful sour milk</li>
            <li>1 teaspoonful soda</li>
            <li>2 cupfuls sugar</li>
            <li>3 eggs, well beaten</li>
            <li>Flavoring to taste</li>
            <li>Flour enough to roll out thin</li>
          </ul>

          <ol>
            <li>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar.</li>
            <li>Add the eggs, whites and yolks</li>
              beaten together.
            <li>Dissolve the soda in the sour milk.</li>
            <li>Add this and
              then the flour.</li>
            <li>Roll out thin.</li>
            <li>Just before cutting out the
              cookies sift granulated sugar on top and roll it in slightly,
              then cut out cookies with cookie-cutter and bake in a moderate
              oven.</li>
            </ol>

    </body>
  </html>
